Changing mgw to Choreo Connect (#3688)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/endpoints/defining-endpoints-in-an-openapi-definition.md

# Defining Endpoints in an OpenAPI Definition

> You can use Choreo Connect for your OpenAPI definition, using the Choreo Connect Toolkit. In the latter mentioned process, you need to provide the endpoints for the resources that you included in the OpenAPI definition, so that the inbound request of Choreo Connect can be routed to the corresponding backend service. You, as a developer, can state the endpoint URLs for the whole API or a particular resource depending on the requirement. In addition, you can state the corresponding environment (i.e., production or sandbox) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use your OpenAPI definition and create an API project using APICTL and deploy that project directly in to Choreo Connect. In the latter mentioned process, you need to provide the endpoints for the resources that you included in the OpenAPI definition, so that the inbound request of Choreo Connect can be routed to the corresponding backend service. You, as a developer, can state the endpoint URLs for the whole API or a particular resource depending on the requirement. In addition, you can state the corresponding environment (i.e., production or sandbox) as well.
```

type: #optional
```

>  The purpose of URLs field is to include the backend service URLs. If multiple URLs are provided without assigning the type field, Choreo Connect will act as a load balancer. If multiple endpoints are provided and the type field is defined as `failover` , the endpoints are considered as failover endpoints. For more details, see [supported endpoint types]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/choreo-connect/endpoints/defining-a-backend-security-scheme/#supported-endpoint-types) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The purpose of URLs field is to include the backend service URLs. .
```

Removing this as CC does not support LB and failover endpoints

### Related Links

!!! info
        -   [Overriding Endpoint Information]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/choreo-connect/endpoints/overriding-endpoint-information/overriding-endpoints-for-developer-first-approach-apis/)
        The above section explains as to how you can add endpoints at design time. However, this link is useful when developers need to override the provided endpoint URL when starting Choreo Connect.
        -   [Defining a Backend Security Scheme]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/choreo-connect/endpoints/defining-a-backend-security-scheme/)
        You may have to protect your backend using BasicAuth Authentication. The above link provides information on how to setup Choreo Connect to support BasicAuth Authentication.
        -   [Service Discovery]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/choreo-connect/service-discovery/)

>         The API developer can have endpoints that change dynamically over time. In such situations, you can use Service Discovery with etcd to make sure that Choreo Connect is aware of the latest endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The API developer can have endpoints that change dynamically over time. In such situations, you can use Service Discovery with Consul service registry to make sure that Choreo Connect is aware of the latest endpoint.
```
